Meiyang Chunqiu is not good
Something happened today.
What? The Young Group went bankrupt?
So true.
I'm stupid
I have already mastered all the secrets of your Liang Group
Otherwise, what confidence should I use to pinch Ye Xian?
Liang Chunqiu, forget it
Sister Ye
Don't worry.
You heard it too
I Yang's Group
Bankruptcy, it seems that I can't be rich for you today
He Xiaozu still has the last minute
He hides from you
I'll give you another hand.
What did you end up relying on?
What are you fighting me with?
Humph
Who told you my backer
It's Boss Liang
Who is that me
Chen Chen richest man
Why are you here? I'm here.
Naturally, it's a gift for your family.
What gift to give
Give you a family
delivered
What!
Young master is not good
This stock is subject to multiple controls
It's down by the limit.
All assets are frozen
The acquisition family is going bankrupt
What?
Exactly.
That's me.